docs/sapphire: Add precompile descriptions (#214)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/dapp/sapphire/precompiles.md

---

> description: Short guide to using the additional Sapphire precompiles

Reviewer: This is rendered in the doc cards so it needs to be short and concise, like:

```suggestion
description: Additional Sapphire precompiles for encryption and confidentiality
```

---

# Precompiles Available on Sapphire

In addition to the standard EVM precompiles, Sapphire provides three
further cryptography-related ones to make some operations easier and
cheaper to perform: x25519 key derivation, and DeoxysII-based encryption
and decryption.

> These can be called in much the same way as other precompiles by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These can be called in the same way as other precompiles by
```

dispatching calls to specific well-known contract addresses, as
described below. Input parameters should be packed into a contiguous

> memory region, with each piece of data padded as usual to 32 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
memory region, with each chunk of data padded to 32 bytes as usual.
```

        let p := mload(0x40)
        mstore(p, key)
        mstore(add(p, 0x20), nonce)
        let text_len := mload(text)
        mstore(add(p, 0x40), text_len)
        let ad_len := mload(additional_data)
        mstore(add(p, 0x60), ad_len)
        let i := 0
        for {} lt(i, text_len) { i := add(i, 0x20) } {
            mstore(add(add(p, 0x80), i), mload(add(add(text, 0x20), i)))
        }
        let ad_begin := add(add(p, 0x80), i)
        for { i := 0 } lt(i, ad_len) { i := add(i, 0x20) } {
            mstore(add(ad_begin, i), mload(add(add(additional_data, 0x20), i)))
        }
        mstore(0x40, add(ad_begin, i))
        let out := mload(0x40)
        let success := staticcall(gas(), 0x0100000000000000000000000000000000000003, p, sub(out, p), out, 1)
        if iszero(success) {
            revert(0, 0)
        }
        mstore(out, returndatasize())
        returndatacopy(add(out, 0x20), 0, returndatasize())
        mstore(0x40, add(add(out, 0x20), returndatasize()))
        result := out
    }
}
```

## Library

The examples above show how to call the precompiles directly. For a more
comfortable experience, wrappers are also provided in the Sapphire

> repository, in `library/Sapphire.sol`. The wrappers have the same

Reviewer: Where is this Sapphire repo? I cannot seem to find any solidity code in https://github.com/oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime/. Please add a link to `library/Sapphire.sol` file.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime/pull/44

Author: I'll edit the text here once that PR is merged and the path is final.
